Add @kaname-png/plugin-subcommands-advanced (#32)
sapphiredev/awesome-sapphire: README.md

- [sapphire-plugin-modal-commands](https://github.com/MajesticString/sapphire-plugin-modal-commands#readme): Plugin for
  [`@sapphire/framework`](https://github.com/sapphiredev/framework) that allows modal submits to be handled in the
  corresponding command.
- [@kaname-png/plugin-subcommands-advanced](https://github.com/kaname-png/neko-plugins/tree/subcommands-advanced/packages/subcommands-advanced#readme): Plugin for

>   [`@sapphire/framework`](https://github.com/sapphiredev/framework) to be able to create subcommands based on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [`@sapphire/framework`](https://github.com/sapphiredev/framework) to create subcommands using decorators and class extensions.
```

> - [@kaname-png/plugin-subcommands-advanced](https://github.com/kaname-png/neko-plugins/tree/subcommands-advanced/packages/subcommands-advanced#readme): Plugin for
>   [`@sapphire/framework`](https://github.com/sapphiredev/framework) to create subcommands using decorators and class extensions.
>   command classes and decorators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@kaname-png/plugin-subcommands-advanced](https://github.com/kaname-png/neko-plugins/tree/subcommands-advanced/packages/subcommands-advanced#readme): Plugin for
  [`@sapphire/framework`](https://github.com/sapphiredev/framework) to create and register subcommands using decorators and advanced class structures.
```
